Implement the init command for user config creation  (fix #33) (#34)
SchleichsSalaticus/reportdaily: docs/reportdaily.rst

.. HINT: Sort the subcommands alphabetically

init
~~~~

> Is required for the first time use of the programm
> User can enter his data directly or he need to answer some questions provided by this command

Reviewer: I'd suggest to make it parallel with the other (sub)commands and starts with a verb:

```suggestion
Initializes global user data (required for the first time).
Either user data can be entered directly via options or user will be asked.
```
